This directory contains a few simplistic rapr "appplications":

simple-http-example
sa-example
pollsensor-example
server-muc-example
client-server-chat-example

README.txt files exist in each application directory that discuss
application behavior and usage.

A core "imn" file is also provided in each application directory pre
configured with the default services and addressing space required to
run the the examples.

NOTE: The server-muc-example imn file will start the server-muc
clients and servers upon startup.

Usage:

Each example is configured to run "out of the box" if the rapr-scripts
directory is located in /home/rapr.  Otherwise configuration changes
to the rapr-default.input and rapr-default-dicationary.xml files will
be required.

Review the application README.txt to determine which nodes on which to
invoke rapr.  

If the default directory layout has not been changed and the rapr
binary (or symlink) is colocated each application can be started via:

cd /home/rapr/rapr-scripts
./rapr event "HOSTID <n>" input <exampleName>/<scriptName>.input

ADDITIONAL NOTES:

1. All rapr example applications load a default rapr input script
located in the rapr-scripts directory.  This input script sets useful
application defaults like debug level.  It also loads a default
co-located dictionary.

2. "HOSTID" must be unique within a rapr application (e.g. each node
participating in a scenario must have a unique host id).  This will
default to the last octect of the node's ip address but it is
recommended that this be defined upon app startup.  The applications
use the convention that this will be passed by command line option to
rapr (although it can be added/changed in the startup script):

./rapr event "HOSTID N" input <appScript>.input

3. Seeding considerations

If hostID is set use that as the initial seed, if initial_seed is set
use that, first one wins.

It is important that the hostID or initial_seed is passed to the
application PRIOR to the input script being processed via the command
line, or be the first entries in the script, such that any subsequent
processing that relies on a seed is handled correctly.

4.  Recommended RAPR port ranges are 10000 and above to deconflict
with other application usage.

5.  "Nested dictionary entries" must begin with the nested entry, e.g.

%%SYSTEM:RANDOMI(1,3)%_CHAT_CLIENT%

   <item>
     <field>1_CHAT_CLIENT</field>
     <value>10.0.0.1</value>
   </item>

